Update ZScaler readme to make more sense on both docs and tile (#2783)
DataDog/integrations-extras: zscaler/README.md

## Setup

### Create a Datadog Webhook URL

> 1. In Datadog, navigate to the ZScaler integration tab, and select **Configure**.

Reviewer: Are we using these docs in the tile?

> 1. In Datadog, navigate to the ZScaler integration tab, and select **Configure**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  From the **Configure** tab of the Zscaler integration, use the API Key Picker to select an existing API key, or create a new one.
```

> 2. Use the API Key Picker to select an existing API key, or create a new one.  Then click **Add API key**, then **Click Here to Copy Intake URL**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add API key**, then **Click Here to Copy Intake URL**.
```
